# Calculator

### A basic calculator written in plain JS with all necessary operations available.

## Task

[Calculator task](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1tatVUAQ-N4Y_5Hs-wh1YiF1nctibio9h/view?usp=sharing)

## How to run the app

## How to install and tweat the project

Follow these steps to set up the project for future development:

1.  **Clone this repository**

    Example using the web URL:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/katrinDev/simple-calculator.git

    ```

2.  **Navigate into the project directory**:

    ```bash
    cd simple-calculator
    ```

3.  **Install the dependencies**:

    ```bash
    yarn install
    ```

4.  **Start the project in development mode**:

    ```bash
    yarn dev
    ```

    This command runs the project in development mode and uses `webpack-dev-server`.  
    Open http://localhost:3000 to view the app in a browser, the page will reload if you make edits.  
    Now you're ready to start developing!

5.  **Build the project** (for production):

    ```bash
    yarn build
    ```

    This command runs the project in production mode and generates documentation using JSDoc.  
    It correctly bundles the project modules and optimizes the build for the best performance.

## Documentation

The project's documentation is generated by JSDoc and can be found in the `docs` directory.  
Open the `index.html` file in your web browser to view the documentation.

## Project structure

Apart from the main files, the project has several directories, where files are divided by their purpose:

-   calculations

    This is where all the computational logic of the calculator is stored.

-   state

    Is needed for state management within plain JS.  
    Classes and their instances, which current state is required for many modules inside the app, are stored here.

-   static

    Contains constants that can be useful for other modules.

-   utils

    Stores additional functions for converting results or changing the format.
